h1. Change Log for Developer Info for ExpressionEngine 2.x

h2. 1.7.1 (November 4, 2014)
* Fixed bug in File Directories function
* Minor code cleanup

h2. 1.7 (November 23, 2013)
* Added support for URL_THIRD_THEMES (thanks Aaron Waldon!)
* Added support for EE 2.7 Grid Fieldtype
* Bug fixes for EE 2.7

h2. 1.6 (July 18, 2013)
* Adjusted to work with new PT Fieldpack v2.x

h2. 1.5 (May 9, 2013)
* Updated to work with EE 2.6 and the new Relationships

h2. 1.4.2 (April 5, 2013)
* Fixed a bug with DI and Wygwam

h2. 1.4.1 (April 4, 2013)
* Fixed a bug with DI and Assets

h2. 1.4 (January 24, 2013)
* Fixed to work with Assets 2.0
* Added Additional, more robust Channel Query
* Improved Templates page
* minor code cleanup and bug fixes
* added German Language pack

h2. 1.3 (August 2, 2012)
* Added support for Assets fieldtype
* Added support for Channel Files fieldtype
* Added support for EE Safecracker File fieldtype
* Improved output for EE File fieldtype
* Some style fixes for NSM Override 1.2

h2. 1.2 (November 14, 2011)
* Added Channel Field Order Column
* Added Channel Field Is Viewable? Column

h2. 1.1 (November 10, 2011)
* Added Show/Hide Channels Details ability - cookie based
* Added Show/Hide Template Details ability - cookie based

h2. 1.0.2 (November 10, 2011)
* HTML Code cleanup
* CSS improvements / adjustments for IE
* CSS adjustments for smaller screens

h2. 1.0.1 (November 7, 2011)
* Bug fix to be aware of when PHP short tags are off
* CSS cleanup and improvements

h2. 1.0.0 (October 27, 2011)
* Initial Release