h1. Developer Info for ExpressionEngine 2.x

Displays useful information about your channels and channel fields all on one page. Additionally, all template information and all file upload locations are displayed on their own pages. This is an EE2 port of the EE1 "SL Developer Info":https://github.com/experience/sl.developer_info.ee_addon addon by Stephen Lewis.

h2. Installation

* Copy the /system/expressionengine/third_party/developer_info/ folder to your /system/expressionengine/third_party/ folder
* Copy the /themes/third_party/developer_info/ folder to your /themes/third_party/ folder
* Login to your ExpressionEngine control panel
* Install module by going to Add-Ons -> Modules, click the Install link next to Developer Info

To use the German language, you will need to rename the Javascript files in the /themes/third_party/developer_info/js/ folder.
* Change: developer_info.js to: developer_info-english.js
* Change: developer_info-deutsch.js to: developer_info.js

h2. Usage

* Browse to Add-Ons -> Modules -> Developer Info
* It is recommended that you click the +Add link in the top navigation to create a quick access link to this page.

h2. Developer Info Pro is now available!

With Developer Info Pro, you get all the features you love about Developer Info 1.x, but now you can speed up your initial development phase tremendously! Now you can create channels, field groups, custom fields, statuses, and categories all from one page!

Check out Developer Info Pro today!

* "Devloper Info Pro on Devot:ee":https://devot-ee.com/add-ons/developer-info-pro
* "Devloper Info Pro preview video":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq2EjGsWuxo
